annot: Add oil to a pan
ACTID: 0
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1)
[PP, location, to] a pan (-1)
annot: Add mushrooms and oil to a pan
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] mushrooms (-1), oil (-1)
[PP, food, to] a pan (0)
annot: mix soy sauce, oyster sauce, sugar, ponzu, miso, and sake
ACTID: 2
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] soy sauce (-1), oyster sauce (-1), sugar (-1), ponzu (-1), miso (-1), sake (-1)
annot: Add red pepper and onion to the pan
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] red pepper (-1), onion (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (1)
annot: Add ginger, garlic, and green onion to the pan
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] ginger (-1), garlic (-1), green onion (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (3)
annot: cut the green onion into large pieces
ACTID: 5
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the green onion (-1)
[PP, other, into] large pieces (-1)
annot: add to the pan
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[PP, food, to] the pan (4)
[PP, food, ] (5)
annot: Add the sauce and udon noodles to the pan
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the sauce (2), udon noodles (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (6)
annot: stir
ACTID: 8
PRED: stir
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: place watercress on the dish
ACTID: 9
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] watercress (-1), on the dish (-1)
annot: place the stir-fry on top of the watercress
ACTID: 10
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the stir-fry (8)
[PP, food, on] top of the watercress (9)
annot: Add carrots, green onion, cilantro, and watercress on top
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] carrots (-1), green onion (-1), cilantro (-1), watercress (-1)
[PP, food, on] top (10)